README.md, before:

# git2net-tutorials

A collection of `git2net` tutorials. 
Installation instructions for `git2net` as well as all other information regarding its development can be found in the [original development repository](https://github.com/gotec/git2net).


## How to cite git2net

``` @inproceedings{gote2019git2net,
  title={git2net: {M}ining time-stamped co-editing networks from large git repositories},
  author={Gote, Christoph and Scholtes, Ingo and Schweitzer, Frank},
  booktitle={Proceedings of the 16th International Conference on Mining Software Repositories},
  pages={433--444},
  year={2019},
  organization={IEEE Press}
}
@article{gote2021analysing,
  title={Analysing time-stamped co-editing networks in software development teams using git2net},
  author={Gote, Christoph and Scholtes, Ingo and Schweitzer, Frank},
  journal={Empirical Software Engineering},
  volume={26},
  number={4},
  pages={1--41},
  year={2021},
  publisher={Springer}
}
```


## License

This software is licensed under the GNU Affero General Public License v3 (AGPL-3.0).

Commit message:

started adding google colab links to tutorials

README.md, after:

# git2net-tutorials

A collection of `git2net` tutorials.

In total we provide five tutorials covering different aspects of analysing your repository with `git2net:

1. Cloning a repository for analysis [![Open Cloning Tutorial In Google Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/gotec/git2net-tutorials/blob/master/1_Cloning_Git_Repositories.ipynb)
            



Installation instructions for `git2net` as well as all other information regarding its development can be found in the [original development repository](https://github.com/gotec/git2net).


## How to cite git2net

``` @inproceedings{gote2019git2net,
  title={git2net: {M}ining time-stamped co-editing networks from large git repositories},
  author={Gote, Christoph and Scholtes, Ingo and Schweitzer, Frank},
  booktitle={Proceedings of the 16th International Conference on Mining Software Repositories},
  pages={433--444},
  year={2019},
  organization={IEEE Press}
}
@article{gote2021analysing,
  title={Analysing time-stamped co-editing networks in software development teams using git2net},
  author={Gote, Christoph and Scholtes, Ingo and Schweitzer, Frank},
  journal={Empirical Software Engineering},
  volume={26},
  number={4},
  pages={1--41},
  year={2021},
  publisher={Springer}
}
```


## License

This software is licensed under the GNU Affero General Public License v3 (AGPL-3.0).
